Competition is, I'd have to, if you want Australia, I can get the actual who's selling and what the situation is.
Well, you have an exclusive license from Ron Polack.
Ron Polack.
Polack for Australia, don't you?
No.
We unfortunately don't.
Who are ourselves in Australia?
Well, there are several.
Well, that shows then that where there's comp, you make a profit in Australia, don't you?
Yes, we do.
Then where there's competition with somebody, then you get your price down to meet the competition.
Where there is no competition, you've got your price way up.
Is that what we would understand?
No, I'm not prepared to agree with that.
Well, what would you say about it?
Well, because...
What do you mean by local conditions?
Well, there's the local currency, there's the local rates of employment.
Well, there's the local fees that we have to pay.
Australia has a medical list.
This is put on the medical list and the selling of it is a much different problem than it is in the United States.
I mean, there are a lot of local conditions that exist.
Australia has a partly socialized medicine program under which they list these items.
If you can get your product on the list, then the physician must select from that list.
Sparing happens to be one of the ones that's listed in Australia.
Well, there is no price control in Australia, as I understand.
Pardon?
There is no price control in Australia as I have been informed.
Well, if you want to get yourself on that medical list, there is some...
But the point, the whole point is, in this illustrates it, really, Mr. Brush, that...
You've got a company in Australia and remarkably, in some of the products we have seen, such as...
No, that's not...
Such as Thorazine.
We find Australia paying very large prices.
Some of them are quite above the United States on some of the products we've had.
But here now, where you have a plant and you say you're competing, you can make a profit.
And yet you sell at 94 cents.
Yes, we could ship Sparine from Australia in here much cheaper than we can make it.
If that's what I understand, the committee would like us to do.
Which, of course, will result in an unemployment to American citizens who we understood.
We would try and maintain, this is nothing that's unusual to the drug industry.
You can buy anything you want in these foreign markets, much cheaper than you can buy them in the American market.
Well, there may be some... there is some difference, I'm sure, in the wage rate...
Three times.
I don't know what it is, but actually...
Give me my...
Difference between 94 cents and $3 is a...
Just about three times.
You're just multiplied by three.
I should only mean all this is wages.
Pretty near.
Because our information...
Our information is that...
In the actual...
The actual making of a chemical at the...
Oh, but it's the selling...
Well, just many machinery...
Mr. Hoyt, the president of Carter Products, then offered for the record,
an exhibit showing the cost breakdown from Milltown.
His manufacturing cost, which on his table are labeled actual...
Manufacturing cost actual...
0.7 cents, 7 cents per tablet.
Exactly the same figure that had been computed by the subcommitted staff.
And the subcommitted staff figured that the price that...
By using another laboratory that...
My similar laboratory might be sold to the wholesaler,
was 5.2 cents per tablet.
Mr. Hoyt says that...
He receives from the wholesaler 5.1 cents per tablet.
He won for cash discount, he said, which we didn't know anything about.
And I think he allowed for some cash discount, which we didn't know anything about.
It was not as correct.
And the consumer, 28 or 29.
And in the other, what cost 0.7 cents, 7.10% to produce,
ends up by costing a wholesaler 4.1 cents.
A 5.1 cents in the drugest...
6.5 cents.
And the consumer over 10 cents.
But the answer can be, or should be, to this problem,
I don't, frankly, don't know.
But we are dealing with the most vital necessity of life,
of any product in our economy drugs.
In a matter of a diamond ring,
some purely luxury diamond ring for a man,
of course, a diamond ring for a woman may be a necessity,
but a diamond ring for a man may not be a luxury.
The public interest is not so involved, if there is a very large profit,
very large price.
But here we're dealing with drugs which are vital to people,
in which we can to sick people.
And this ethical...
Well, on the last bit I have here,
the kind of bifier kids,
is what they're talking about.
These records cost us 30 cents to reach the doctor.
Now, I can read what the records are.
These records have musical selections on one side,
and information-informative statements concerning certain
of our products on the other.
This approach is one long used in the picture.
And just because of things our cheap are abroad,
that's why we have protective tariffs in this country,
because our American industry cannot compete
with the lowest scale of living abroad.
All right, but the point is,
we'll make that a part of the record exhibit, 191.
What you're saying, Mr. Hoyt, is that...
I think I remember your words almost exactly,
that you have to get your prices down in connection
with the standard of living in these various countries.
Well, that's a very noble purpose,
but the thing I want to point out to you is that there are lots of...
well, maybe a big group of people with much wealth
in the United States, maybe a very high income,
upper middle class, millions and millions of people
living on social security, poor people, incomes down,
and they're having to buy this product,
just like the wealthier people.
As I interpret what you say by taking into consideration
the standard of living and making your prices fit that,
that just means that you charge what the traffic will bear
according to the standard of living in the country.
No, I'll name Mr. Chairman.
I didn't explain myself correctly then.
What I said was this.
That.
In.
What I said was this.
Not to a person in the Argentine.
They price must be multiplied by 13
to get the same thing as it is to an American citizen.
Now, that's the only thing I said.
Well, the thing is that.
That's not a question of getting the question now.
Well, that's exactly what I was saying.
In other words, in the Argentine at the present price,
the real town is just as expensive to an Argentine as it is
to an American or just as cheap as you would like it.
Well, the thing about the whole thing is, though, Mr. Hoyt.
In many cases here, this product is made in the United States.
At a.
And sold your subsidiary or.
Or to one of your own.
No, the power.
I mean, sold another company or to one of your subsidiaries.
And so we're talking about.
Your prices.
One, Mr. Chairman, we do not ship powder out of the United States.
It's what you did in 1958.
You ship powder out of the United States.
A product didn't ship out.
But American cyanomed ship powder out of the United States.
I think American cyanomed ship to some.
You sold it to.
And the white laboratory.
White laboratory ships it out of the United States.
It literally sells ships it out of the United States.
And the thing is that just because the average,
maybe American people's income is higher, there's no reason why.
I can't see any reason why you can't give the same break to the American people
that you can to the people in the United States.
I don't think that the U.S. and people are getting a break.
And in their standards it's cost just as much.
Well, for instance, you charge, I noticed here in India,
certainly their standard of living is very much less than ours.
Any, most, less than most, great many nations.
You charge a higher price in $479, $425.
Please, let's a challenge.
Iran and Iran.
I say literally in white do.
That's not you because I don't.
We understand that.
With your milled-down trade name.
And of course we want to address the same question to the other people.
But you're the basis of the whole thing.
You're a product that's being sold.
Take your Iran.
And the standard of living there is certainly not comparable to ours.
And prices are higher.
Well, Mr. Chairman is an era here in Iran.
They say Wallace Laboratory sells an era.
And that isn't sold.
No.
Listen, fiction.
Have you looked back on it, Senator?
Do you think?
Well, I tell you the truth.
I made so many mistakes that I wouldn't know how to start enumerating.
But if I had it all to go over it to do again, I think I'd do it just the same way.
The only way I know to get anywhere is to get out in percenture calls when lose your draw through the best you can.
Now, I think I should say this.
The losing of some prime areas is not without its good positive effect.
I'm quite certain that the primary in California, for instance, has done more to revive and to interest Democrats
and really to pull them together for the first time in a long, long time.
And anything that's happened, and for the first time in a century, the Democrats, I believe, will control the Senate of California.
I believe that they will have a better organization that they will elect.
What?
Thank you.